(c) Portions copyright 1994 - 2002 Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT)
(c) Portions copyright 1998 - 2002 The MITRE Corporation (MITRE)

Permission is hereby granted, without payment, to copy, use, modify,
display and distribute this software and its documentation, if any,
for any purpose, provided, first, that the US Government and any of
its agencies will not be charged any license fee and/or royalties for
the use of or access to said copyright software, and provided further
that the above copyright notice and the following three paragraphs
shall appear in all copies of this software, including derivatives
utilizing any portion of the copyright software.  Use of this software
constitutes acceptance of these terms and conditions.

IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER OR BOTH MIT AND MITRE BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY
FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT,SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE AND ITS DOCUMENTATION, EVEN IF
EITHER OR BOTH MIT AND MITRE HAS/HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE.

MIT AND MITRE EACH SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES INCLUDING,BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND
NON-INFRINGEMENT.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS."  NEITHER MIT NOR MITRE, INDIVIDUALLY
OR COLLECTIVELY, HAS ANY OBLIGATION TO PROVIDE MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT,
UPDATES, ENHANCEMENTS, OR MODIFICATIONS.

The XDR implementation for Windows NT is Copyright (C) 1984, Sun
Microsystems, Inc. The full license can be found in the file
LICENSE.Sun. 
